Our eyes remain on the Heavens.
and our resolve cannot waiver.
I promise you today that we will not rest
until we find those responsible
for the theft of this asteroid.
A resource that will bring
prosperity to our nation
and all nations of the world.
Earth comes first! Earth comes first!
President Gore let a handful of anarchists
and criminals run amok.
It's high time we bring Mars
back under control.
It's high time we put Al Gore
out of a job!
…after an investigation found
that its agents may have been involved
in the asteroid theft.
First man on Mars Lee Jung-Gil in a small
contingent of other North Korean ujunauts
have defected
from the People's Republic of Korea.
On Wall Street. stocks continue to slide
following reports
of the soaring national debt.
Samantha Massey was found guilty today
of conspiracy to violate the M-7 charter
for her part in the infamous hijacking
of the Goldilocks asteroid.
Former astronaut.
Ed Baldwin. another conspirator.
was tried in absentia unable to return
from Mars for health reasons.
M-6 stations have finally shipped
the first load of iridium to Earth
despite its tremendous worth…
James Bragg clinched the presidency
by a landslide.
Al Gore is expected
to address the nation shortly.
Good evening.
Just moments ago. I spoke with James Bragg
and congratulated him on becoming
the 43rd president of the United States.
If you ain't first. you're last.
…cases of torture
by the CIA on Mars continue to…
Some alleged victims have been offered
clemency for their actions
during the Happy Valley riot of 2003.
I plan that my administration
will put Earth back in charge.
We simply cannot keep funneling money
to the moon. to Mars
without getting anything in return.
…formed coalition known as ISN
vows to break the M-6 stranglehold
on iridium.
Members include China. Brazil. Pakistan…
…vowed to clean up the agency
following the exit of disgraced
NASA administrator. Eli Hobson.
Hurricane Katrina was downgraded
to a tropical depression
in what has been one of
the mildest hurricane seasons in…
Happy Valley's installation
of state-of-the-art
radiation shielding towers
that deflect solar radiation.
Mars workers on long-term contracts have…
Keeping with the growing
automation trend on Earth.
Uhuru Robotics has launched
a consumer model…
Increase in the number
of undocumented refugees on Mars.
known as Craters.
because they make the journey
in pressurized cargo crates.
President Bragg narrowly won re-election.
Promising to continue his Earth First…
Helios Aerospace and others
are on the hunt for life
and the billions of dollars in
applications such a discovery would bring.
…this massive new piece of infrastructure
called a "space elevator"
will more quickly transport iridium
between the asteroid and Mars.
Actually. it's just basic chemistry.
M-6 nations have confirmed the appointment
of Mars' next governor
Leonid Polivanov. A political protégé
of Soviet President Korzhenko has been…
President Ted Kennedy has died at 77.
Many expect his nephew.
John F. Kennedy Jr..
to follow in his footsteps
and run for president in 2012.
…a flash mob. and it's the latest trend
sweeping the nations.
…2010 Winter Games
in protest of the M-6's…
…have begun amassing troops
along their border
in a dispute over iridium access.
I know it seems like
things are out of control.
Watching your paychecks go lower
while more of your tax dollars
get sent up to the Red Planet.
The people up there.
they have no respect for the law
or a hard day's work.
But we will not back down.
Everything that makes the M-6
the greatest alliance on Earth
only comes through decisive action.
And we will continue to
stand up for what is right.
To stand up for our people.
Our planet. And for our way of life.
Curfew is now in effect.
- Authorized personnel only after 0100.
- All right.
Thank you for your compliance.
Curfew is now in effect.
Authorized personnel only after 0100.
Yeah. I was the same at that age.
Problems with authority.
Fitting in?
Right. But my mom
made sure it didn't go on my record.
I couldn't have passed
hopper flight training otherwise.
Well. remind me never to fly
with you at the stick.
Don't worry. I barely get
one goddamn flight a week as is.
Unit 37. possible unapproved transit
in hallway Alpha 459.
Copy. dispatch. We'll take a look.
Hey. I need to see your curfew pass.
Stop!
Oh. God.
Look!
Dispatch. 37.
We got another 10-17B. In pursuit.
Copy that. unit 37.
Goddamn it.
Shit.
Dispatch. unit 37. We lost 'em.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Graciana. let's go.
Let's roll out. Up and at 'em.
Let's go. ladies. You know the drill.
Thank you. Leanne.
The city Dev Ayesa
plans to build on Mars is called Meru.
The city will include
living and working space
for up to one million citizens.
and use the resources of Mars
to be 100 percent sustainable
and self-sufficient.
Ayesa says Helios will begin
breaking ground within the year.
Meru will not just be another base.
It won't be made up
of crew quarters or hab modules.
but homes where families can join
in converting the Red Planet
from a desert to a garden.
And I mean that literally. In addition
to ample residential green space…
Liam!
- Good morning.
- Where the fuck is Gene?
I'm not entirely sure.
Maybe the Europa meeting?
A few things. ma'am.
The intelligence team needs some guidance
on those biosensor selectivity issues.
Didn't I already respond to that?
No.
Well. UV shouldn't penetrate
more than an inch below the surface.
So they need to redesign
the sensor to those specs.
Yes. ma'am. I also wanted--
Boss. the M-6 wants you
to come to Berlin next week.
They're still not happy
with rate of refined iridium
- being shipped back to Earth.
- They're never happy.
Yeah.
What the fuck. Gene?
We didn't know he was
gonna do the interview.
Isn't it your job to know?
How the fuck does Dev make an
announcement like that without clearance?
I know I sure as shit
didn't sign off on it.
Look. everybody up there.
they're all Dev people.
- He does whatever the hell he wants.
- That's not how this works.
This is a public company.
so you need to remind Dev that the
funding for his "city" is not approved.
- He's not gonna be happy about that.
- Good.
Not now. Sharon.
Morning.
Big day today.
Yeah. can you believe it?
Our little girl. Gee.
Sweetie? You up?
Sweetie?
No. she must have got up early.
Come on. I better get dressed.
Or we could get undressed?
Baby. No. Come on. You know
we got a lot to do before the ceremony.
I'll be so quick.
How romantic.
Okay.
- Okay. okay. Okay. okay.
- Quick?
- Looking sharp. Admiral.
- Damn right.
Contact. All reading nominal.
Goddamn it. Ed. We're working here.
Sons of bitches.
Told you we didn't have time.
Yeah. but it was still worth it.
Man. I wish they would stop doing that.
- Sure you do.
- I do.
Oh. good morning.
Good morning. You guys coming later?
Yes. of course.
We already prepared gift.
Yeah.
Then show me your permit.
Permit? This is barely a railing.
Unauthorized additions
to property are strictly forbidden.
It's a safety issue.
These are pressurized modules.
If everyone's making their own mods…
Safety. come on.
This makes it more safe for people.
Try it.
Take it down.
Have a nice sol.
I told you not to put this thing up.
Same old bullshit. They make
those rules just to show who is boss.
Yeah. well. now we owe
the boss another 300 bucks.
Did you get the trays
for the ceremony ready?
- We're running late.
- Yes. Yes.
- Please. come on.
- Okay.
Right there.
Beautiful. Ilya.
Anything for our girl.
Tendi made it all with love.
- Try one?
- I wish I could. but we are late.
- Oh. okay.
- Can you carry a box?
- You got it? Are you sure?
- Yeah. I got it.
- Just trying to be nice.
- Oh. man.
Korolev Outpost One. Baldwin.
Retrieving sample 7B from drill site 895.
Coring tube is intact.
Proceeding to sample 7C.
Copy that. Kelly.
Hey. Sabir?
Did you get the mass spec readings
for region five.
drill site 894 yet?
Here they are.
Preliminary sample analysis…
Negative for organic compounds.
Fourth fucking negative this month.
Oh. Kel. you may want to cut
your EVA a little short today.
You've got your son's shindig.
And it's already 10 o'clock.
Shit. Thanks. Sabir.
You're gonna need to
haul ass to get there in time.
Copy.
Get the hopper fueled
and ready for preflight checks.
Copy that.
A tree begins with one seed.
and slowly it begins to grow.
Leaves sprout. flowers will bloom.
And those flowers will turn
into the fruit of that tree.
That same fruit contains in itself
the seeds for the next tree
and the next and the next.
And like that. the forest grows.
And as I think about the young people
here today. I'm reminded of
one of my favorite fairy tales
about a Russian czar.
He was very. very old.
He could barely stand.
- but he heard there was a special tree…
- Jesus. Kel. It started ten minutes ago.
I know.
- You didn't miss much.
- …that had golden apples.
And if one was to take a bite of that
magical fruit. he would turn young again.
So he sent his three sons off
to find those apples
and bring those apples to him.
Now. remember.
this is a Russian fairy tale
so of course there is a lot of death
and misery between and along the way
which I'm gonna skip here. but at the end.
the czar realizes that the true
apples of youth are his children.
They are the future.
And I could not be more proud to be
standing here as your governor today.
Yeah. governor of bullshit.
I mean. nothing's sacred anymore.
Man. look at these woodpeckers.
What the hell do they think
we're gonna do?
Dad. Not now.
So. in the Russian tradition.
as I ring the school bell one last time…
I present to you this year's graduates
of Happy Valley Institute of Education.
Lilith Beatrice Dale.
Lily will be joining her older sister
at Tulane where she will study journalism.
Congratulations.
Marcus James Haskell.
Marcus has joined
the United States Marine Corps.
Oorah!
Congratulations.
Gulsora Akilmatova.
She's enrolled at the Institute of Cairo.
Film Studies.
A Tarkovsky I see. huh?
And finally. Alex Poletov Baldwin.
- Go. Alex!
- Yeah! Alex!
Alex will be staying here on Mars with us.
And I'm sure he will have
grand things ahead of him.
Alex. congratulations.
To all the graduates I say…
Congratulations.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
We are so proud of you and Marcus.
So what's next for you?
I'm guessing biology like your mom?
- I was gonna maybe…
- No. come work the asteroid. kid.
- Yeah. Dad.
- Zero G. triple OT. Nothing better.
I…
I'm still weighing my options. Yeah.
Yeah. and this summer. she'll be
interning at the NNC outlet up here.
You should try and get a job
at The New Yorker after college.
I just love their cartoons.
Well. we're all mighty proud of her.
And Lily and her sister.
they're the first Dales to go to college.
And you two. Empty-nesters. huh?
Like newlyweds all over again.
You know what I mean?
Unfortunately I do.
I'm done.
How could you embarrass us
like that with Governor Polivanov?
You know your father needs this job.
Mom. stop.
Take it all in. Take it all in.
Everything that's happened
led to this moment.
You know. you're gonna do things that
people in this room can't even fathom.
It's on you to make the next move.
You're a man now.
You know. that's why
I want you to come down
- to the next SDM meeting at Ilya's.
- Alex.
You should have a voice in shaping
the future up here. you know.
- Yeah?
- Yes.
- You up for it?
- Sure.
Yeah. Yeah. I just…
I better go check on Mom.
- Yeah.
All right.
Jesus. that was awful.
Not as bad as that party.
Pure torture.
My grandpa would not stop
telling me I'm a man now.
Yeah. you're not even close.
Thanks.
You know you have
the coolest grandpa in the world. right?
Grows the best shit.
I still don't understand
how they let you into the Marines.
Oh. well. they clearly
lowered their standards.
- You're just jealous.
- Of you?
No. I don't think so.
Oh. the fact that I can
actually leave this shithole?
Hey. Don't call it that. This is our home.
You're leaving too. Miss Tulane.
Not until the end of summer.
And for the millionth time.
I'm not going for good.
It's just until I get my degree.
Yeah. well. your sister said
the same thing.
I'm not my sister.
Why would you bring up my sister?
- You're kinda acting like her right now.
- What does that even…
- What does that have to do with anything?
- All right. All right. all right.
- No fighting tonight. please.
- Oh. my God.
Please.
Thank you.
Okay…
What are we toasting to? Yeah?
Please don't say. "Our futures."
- To Mars.
- Oh. God. No.
To…
To friends.
Come on. Come on. To friends forever.
- What? Dude.
- Well. I'm sorry. That's pretty corny.
- All right. fine. Give me the cup.
- Yeah.
To friends.
- Cheers.
- With benefits.
Okay.
Looks like the board's not gonna
approve the overage
for the Europa drill redesign.
They say they already approved
70 million last month.
So it's our fault the ice shell
covering Europa's ocean
is thicker than we estimated?
I think Dev's announcement today
is making them nervous.
I mean. who knows how much money he's
trying to grab for that SimCity of his.
They're all terrified
of telling him. "No."
And in the meantime. we have
our hands tied behind our backs. I mean…
Walt's team just successfully landed
another group of SEEKER-12s on Titan.
This is one of the most promising places
to find life in the solar system.
but if we don't keep
funding these missions.
Kuragin's going to find life before we do.
Well. we could always take
more funding from Korolev.
No.
Mars still holds some promise.
Korolev Crater--
Has turned up nothing in the last decade.
- I know she's your friend.
- That's got nothing to do with it.
Well. if we want more money
for these other missions.
we're gonna have to find it somewhere.
Alex?
I'm launching back up to Korolev
in a few hours.
You just got back.
I know. I'm sorry. but I had to cut my EVA
short to be here in time for your big day.
You probably should have
stayed up there then. huh?
Hey.
You know I would never
miss something like that.
I… I know. Mom.
I was just messing with you.
Okay. Well. it's hard to tell sometimes.
I'm gonna pack.
Have you seen my VR3 anywhere?
I can't seem to find it.
No. Haven't seen it.
Okay. well.
Guess I'll just use Sabir's again.
By the way. are you going
to that SDM meeting with Poppy?
Yeah. maybe.
Hey.
I know this is a lot.
Right? Feeling like you need to figure out
what you're gonna do
for the rest of your life.
But you really only need to figure out
what you're gonna do next.
- All right?
- Yeah.
Probably a nap.
Sounds good.
Oh. and this came for you.
Cabrón. we gotta take control
of our own lives. man.
- That's not what I said.
- But that's what it sounds like.
He means we need someone
from Mars on the M-6.
Someone we pick.
But that's what it says right here.
It's how you're wording it.
It's confusing.
Okay. Well. then I have
a really good idea.
Next time. you write the petition.
Maybe the reason the M-6 hasn't
responded to our last five petitions
is 'cause they don't understand
what the hell we're even asking for.
They haven't responded
'cause all they give a shit about
is how much iridium
we ship them every week.
Yeah. They're never gonna let us
actually control our destiny.
Not till we make 'em.
By doing what? Spray-painting
"Free Mars" on a few walls?
Well. at least whoever's doing that's
got some guts.
We could use some more of that up here.
I mean. we need to start doing more
than just sending pieces of paper to Earth
with a few signatures on them.
I get it. guys. I do.
Nobody here is happy
with the way things turned out.
Like constantly
looking over your shoulder.
worried that they'll send you or
your family back if you step out of line.
Look. we all want a say in our future.
But we can't fall back into chaos.
I know it's not the sexy way. but this is
how change happens. Inch by inch.
Change happens when a few
determined individuals make it happen.
You forget how old Goldilocks
wound up here?
No. Ed. I have not forgotten.
I have also not forgotten
that Sam Massey is still rotting away
in a federal prison.
Oh. she knew what she was getting into.
- Let's not let her sacrifice be in vain.
- She did it for all of us.
I agree. That's what I'm saying.
All right. All right. all right…
Look. it's getting close
to the lunch rush.
So. for now. this meeting of the SDM
is hereby adjourned.
All right. You all heard the lady.
Till next week.
Some trouble on the home front?
How you know?
I've been there.
Whoa. Easy on the sauce there.
my dumpling.
What's going on?
Moon Yeong…
She…
She has a friend from Pyongyang.
A man.
And she know this guy from Pyongyang?
No. He come here same as her.
in cargo crate.
Oh. he's a Crater. huh?
And they used to work together
at her other job.
I tell her.
"I do not like you working there.
and I can provide for our family."
Yeah. see. they tend to not like it
when you say that to 'em.
You know. she's a modern woman now.
No. she did not use
to speak to me that way.
Yeah. well. what the hell
you think was gonna happen
when you brought her up here?
Listen. I've been married three times.
and if there's one thing I've learned…
it's that I haven't learned shit.
You're fucked.
Hey. Lily…
You seen Alex around here?
Not since yesterday. no. Why?
He promised he was going to
join me at the meeting.
Little shithead.
Come on. If you guys take me in.
they'll send me Earthside.
You should've thought of that
before you tried to steal O2.
Dispatch. all units.
Looks like we've got another
suicide out past the big dig.
Any available hopper pilot. we need
to get an investigator out there ASAP.
Hey. can you process him?
I got to get all the stick time I can.
- Yeah. I got you.
- Thanks. Fred.
Copy. Dispatch. Boyd. I'm on it.
Control. Boyd.
Down at 45 meters. AGL.
Beginning manual descent.
Boyd. control.
We show you on approach for landing
- at grid 3-0-6-9.
- Flight control. Boyd.
LZ in sight. Request landing clearance.
Boyd. control. You're clear to land.
Oh. fuck me.
You never get used to seeing this shit.
Who found the body again?
The Baldwin kid.
Sounds like he's pretty shaken up.
I bet.
Dispatch. looks like another sad bastard
decided to pull a Gordo.
- A what?
- Copy that.
We've had several suicides
like this over the years.
It's a surface run.
See how far you can get without a suit.
It does seem like a long distance
to land from the rover
all the way over here.
No. you gotta remember.
Mars has a third of the gravity of Earth.
So they get a lot farther that way.
Yeah. I'm familiar
with how gravity works. but--
Come on. let's get
the body onto the hopper.
Body shows signs consistent
with rapid depressurization
and exposure to the Martian environment.
Epidermis exhibits significant dehydration
due to vacuum exposure
and severe bloating
from internal body pressure.
All right. what do we got. kids?
Looks like another Crater
killed himself. Sheriff.
Name's Yoon Tae-Min.
Claimed asylum from North Korea last year.
Where did you get that?
Social Services takes photos of 'em
if they apply for assistance.
Thanks. Boyd.
Email me a copy of the autopsy report
when you're finished.
Sir. sorry. I was…
I was thinking about where
the body was discovered
and I still feel a little confused.
On Earth. if somebody runs for
12 seconds they'd make it maybe 100 yards.
Multiply that by three for Mars gravity.
But Mr. Yoon here. he was
almost 400 yards from the rover.
Something's not adding up.
So she's a-a mathematician now?
Did you check his ear drums?
No. I was only performing
a standard postmortem exam.
They are intact.
So?
So if cause of death
was rapid decompression.
his eardrums would be ruptured.
but they are not.
Which means he died
in a pressurized environment.
Can you please explain that
in normal terms?
Someone moved him outside after he died.
Are you telling me
this could be a homicide?
It appears so.
Shit.
All right.
And doc. we're gonna need
a full forensic autopsy.
DNA analysis. Sample collection.
We'll run it through the system.
Until we know more.
this does not leave this room. Clear?
- Yes. sir.
- Of course.
Sources tell us the body of the victim
was discovered on the surface of Mars
without a space suit.
The base of 5.000 people has
had sporadic moments of violence
throughout its history.
Including the lawless riot
that occurred nearly ten years ago.
I ask that all residents
of Happy Valley remain calm
as our Peacekeepers continue
our investigation into this heinous crime.
And I want to assure
all the nations of M-6
that this violent crime will not disrupt
any of the good work
we've been doing here on Mars.
We will not rest until this individual
is brought to justice.
Meanwhile. I want to urge all of you
to trust our Peacekeepers
in doing their job. Thank you.
That was the governor of Mars.
Leonid Polivanov.
who is urging residents of Happy Valley
to remain calm
while the Peacekeepers
continue to investigate this crime.
While this is the first murder
on the Red Planet.
there have been several suicides.
including the 2008 suicide
of a Pakistani national…
Another sign that Mars is
out of control yet again.
We all know how this goes. folks.
Fool me once. shame on you.
Fool me twice. shame on…
Graciana.
Jesus. Mom. You scared me.
I scared you?
It's 2:00 in the fucking morning.
Look. I just… I've been dealing
with some stuff. and I was just--
- Were you drinking?
- What?
- Breathe on me.
- Mom.
Stop. You need to chill out.
Chill out? Do you have any concept
of how much trouble you're in?
You never gave Javi this much shit
for going out when he was my age.
Give me a break. When I was your age--
Yeah. yeah. you were on the streets
and had no money.
Okay. that's…
You are restricted from driving.
Oh. no. I can't drive
the shitty Honda hand-me-down?
And you're grounded.
You're not leaving the house for a month.
- Like you'd know if I were here or not.
- Want to make it two months?
Jesus!
Look. I just told you I had a hard night.
Where is your empathy?
Okay… What could possibly be so hard?
You've had everything
handed to you your whole life.
Audrey broke up with me.
Audrey?
It doesn't matter. She was a bitch anyway.
So keep the Honda. and I'll take the bus.
Like a good Mexican.
I said I'm fine.
Hon… It's not that big of a deal. really.
Of course it's a big deal.
You saw something horrible.
It's okay.
We're all shaken up by this. Alex.
Yeah. Seeing death
for the first time is no joke.
You know. I remember
my first month in Korea--
I told you. I'm fine.
Honestly. this conversation
is more upsetting.
Hey. hey. pipe it down. buddy.
Show a little respect. huh?
Fuck this.
Alex. Alex.
Well. he's gone.
I really don't know
what to do about him anymore.
It seems like he doesn't care
about anything.
I keep trying to talk
some sense into him. but…
He's just lost.
I can see it. and it's my fault.
- No. Kel.
- No. he didn't choose to come here. Dad.
I made that choice for him.
for my own career.
And right now it seems
like it was all for nothing.
Wait. what are you talking about?
I got another negative reading.
The latest in…
a decade of negative readings.
Well. I'm sorry.
Look. you're gonna find that damn bug.
I know you will.
Yeah. I'm not so sure.
Feels like I'm running out of time.
Helios just reduced our funding.
Fucking Dev. I mean.
he can't see the forest for the trees.
No. No. it was Aleida.
Just got the vidmail.
Well. I thought you guys were friends.
I don't know. I'm starting to feel
like it was all a mistake.
coming up here and--
You did what was best for him
and for you. you know?
He… He's still just trying to figure out
who the hell he is. you know?
He… I know he loves it up here.
It's his home. He's gonna be fine.
You just need to give him
a little space to-to figure things out.
That's all.
Are you okay. Dad?
- Yeah. I'm fine. I gotta go.
- Love you.
Deep breath.
How long since the cough has returned?
Couple of weeks.
The last few days. it got worse.
Can't seem to catch my breath.
You can put your shirt back on.
How is Alex doing?
Poor kid.
He won't admit it.
but he was pretty shook up.
How was it? The body? Was it bad?
It was not good.
But he has a strong mind. He will be okay.
You think?
All right.
He checkmates me every time we play.
Yeah. that doesn't say much.
In fact. lately. I think
he's been going easy on me.
Yeah. well. I want to fly him back up to
Olympus Mons one of these days.
I haven't been back since he was little.
I want to remind him
how amazing this place can be.
I'm sorry. You know you are
in no condition to fly. Edward.
It's just one flight. doc.
A flight in your condition can kill you.
Rapid change in pressure can increase
your risk of internal bleeding.
You can have a seizure or worse.
You have stage three cancer. Ed.
Easy. Calm down. Jesus.
You must take this seriously.
Have you told Kelly yet?
You must tell her.
She will understand.
She can help you through this.
No. She's got so much going on.
It's the last thing she needs.
My father's generation had a saying.
What the hell's that supposed to mean?
The less you depend on others.
the happier you will be.
Take it from me.
They could not have been more wrong.
Alex?
Alex? You here?
All right. man. I gotta know.
How big was it?
How big was what?
You know. they say everything
swells up if you pull a Gordo.
So… How big was it?
You are so disturbed.
- Oh. come on. You know you looked.
- A man died. asshole.
And all you're thinking about
is the size of his p…
- His p… His penis?
- His p…
His p-p-p-p…
It's "penis." man. Just say it.
Come on. You can say it. Penis.
- Okay.
- Hoagie.
- All right.
- Ding dong.
- Schlong.
- Yep. Keep going.
Pee-pee.
- Penis.
- Would you shut the fu…
- I'm sorry. Sorry.
- Okay. Mr. Sensitive.
There's my folks.
I can't believe you're abandoning me. man.
Yeah. well. I wish you could
come with me. Mars Boy.
- but I know you got your medical thing.
- Yeah. I mean. even if I could leave.
I wouldn't. I love it here.
Yeah. Yeah. well. anyway.
Just do me a favor. will you?
Yeah. Sure. Anything.
Can you please just
finally hook up with Lily?
It's not like that. No. dude. okay.
- We're… I told you. we're friends.
- Yeah. sure.
- I'm serious.
- Look. man.
If you don't make a move in the next
few months. you're never going to.
because then she's gonna be off
getting college dick.
Wow. Thank you. man.
It's really inspiring stuff.
All right. All right.
I better get going. man. Yeah.
Yeah.
Come here.
I'm really gonna miss you. man.
Yeah. me too.
And just remember. okay? Just start slow.
- Like this.
- Oh. please.
All right. Summer of love. Alex.
Summer of love.
So proud of you. Son.
And keep in touch.
let us know how you're doing.
Summer of love!
Here you go. Ms. Rosales.
Hey. Sam.
Thanks.
It's good to see you.
Thought about your little problem with
the thermal testing for the Europa drill.
Their results were garbage.
because their finite element model
had nowhere near enough data points.
And they tried to cut corners.
because they think they have
an intuitive grasp of thermal transfer.
But they're just being lazy.
God. this is great.
Let's see.
- Oh. my God.
- Uh-huh.
Thank you.
These are like gold in here.
I was runnin' low.
What're you trading
Tootsie Rolls for these days?
Oh. the usual.
Shovels. weapons. what have you.
Are you okay?
You look…
well. tired.
God. gee. thanks.
- Well. I don't wanna…
- No. no. you're right.
I am. I…
I was up all night because of
the news from Mars.
It bleeds. it leads.
And. yeah. I'm getting it from all sides.
Budget cuts. Dev's usual nonsense.
And then there's Graci.
She's skipping school again?
God. it's on a whole 'nother
level now. Margo.
Drinking. staying out late.
and then she tells me
she has a girlfriend.
I know what you're gonna say. okay?
You did almost let a boy
keep you out of the Kennedy School.
Huh. I don't remember that.
What. you were perfect at 16?
Well. straight A's.
perfect attendance. always on time.
God.
you're… you're so annoying.
No. My father didn't give me
any other option.
Your dad. he was… he was more tolerant.
Yeah. he…
He put up with a lot.
He was a wonderful man.
He would've been so proud
if he could see you now.
I don't know.
I think he would want to
see me happy. And…
I don't know if I am.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm so grateful. It's just…
You have this idea
of what you think you want.
and then you get it. and…
It nearly kills you.
You know. Aleida.
it might be hard to see it right now.
but you're doing okay.
- I'm not.
- Better than I ever did.
You got Victor. your kids. your work.
And I'm sure it's hard to
balance it all sometimes. but…
at least you have something to balance.
I mean. I spent my whole life working.
pushing for more. keeping everyone away.
And in the end…
here I am.
I'm still here.
And I'm grateful for that.
I appreciate you. man.
That's really kind. Seriously.
Hey. I'll see you again. right? Thank you.
Okay.
Dad?
I was… I was thinking
that maybe I should be part
of the next SDM meeting.
No. No way.
Well. Mr. Baldwin said Alex could.
Well. that's their business. okay?
I don't want you mixed up
in all that here.
Why not?
Because you're about to
go down to college.
and that's what you should be focused on.
Yeah. but I'm coming back here.
This is where I'm from.
This is… This is who I am.
And I wanna help change things
for the better.
- Like you did.
- Well. I mean…
that was different. And that was. it was…
- It was badass is what it was.
- Well…
Do you see how people look up to you here?
It…
I don't know. It makes me
wanna help in any way I can.
Well. let me think about it. okay?
It was not even railing.
It was just a little…
- You understand?
- I'm gonna rescue Boyd from Ilya.
Will you talk some sense
to them. Celia? Please.
There is free drinks in it for you.
I'm pretty sure you don't want to be
offering me a bribe. Ilya.
- No. he's not…
- We were just trying to help each other.
What's wrong with that?
You're our customer.
You come here so much.
Boyd. dispatch.
Your presence has been requested
at Central.
We talked about this.
Dispatch. Boyd. Copy.
I gotta head out.
- All right.
- Nice try. Ilya.
- See ya again.
- Bye.
- Brother. you can't bribe an officer.
- Maybe she can do something.
Maybe she can put you in jail.
Been there.
I want this clean. I want this efficient.
I want this by the book.
In and out. nobody gets hurt.
Do you understand?
Yes. sir.
- You wanted to see me. sir?
- There she is.
Is everything okay?
We found DNA under the vic's fingernails.
Thanks to your persistence.
we're about to arrest a suspect.
We wouldn't be here without you.
Thought you'd like to join us.
Yes. sir. Thank you. sir.
All right. let's go.
I want arrest protocol followed
to a tee. people.
Gonna be a lotta eyeballs on this one.
Who's the suspect?
Lee Jung-Gil.
Yes?
You're under arrest
for the murder of Yoon Tae-min.
Let's go.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-